Privacy Policy

DarkovSoft built the "Правда или действие 18+" app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by DarkovSoft at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Правда или действие 18+ unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Location. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services

Unity

Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the application may use third-party code and libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to accept or decline these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of this Service.

Service providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals for the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;

To provide the Service on our behalf;

To provide services related to the Service;

To help us analyze the use of our Service.

We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to carry out the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are required not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Safety

We value your trust in providing us with your personal information, so we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to other sites

This Service may contain links to other websites. If you click on a third party link, you will be redirected to this site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you read the Privacy Policy of these websites. We do not control and are not responsible for the content, privacy practices or practices of any third party sites or services.

Children's privacy

These Services are not intended for persons under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. In the event that we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete it from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so we can take appropriate action.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. As such, you are encouraged to review this page periodically for changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective from 2024-08-18.

To contact us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us at: darkovsoft@gmail.com.